Week_7 
Date- (17/3/2025 – 30/3/2025)

IMPLEMENTATION OF FIRST MODULE

Decentralized house rental system is the process which is supposed to work properly at any instance 
for keep it working smoothly and keep it handy the easy GUI is very important if GUI is complex then 
it will be very difficult for normal or new user to use. To keep GUI simple and attractive we have used 
some programming languages and scripting languages. As we talked about smart contract before we 
have used solidity in it but to make website or GUI only solidity is not enough, we have to use some 
scripting languages like JavaScript also for the sake of designing we have to use some frameworks like 
Tailwind CSS, utility-first approach and unraveled CSS surrender are the crucial reasons for its critical 
influence on web application speed. making Tailwind CSS diminishes inconsequential CSS rules by particularly 
counting utility classes to HTML components, the stylesheet basically smaller. Web applications 
perform way superior and stack pages more quickly as a result of this record degree lessen [5]. In this 
work we have also implemented some image input. In this decentralized house rental project, we have 
to make it work similar to the other websites out in the market i.e. same process to rent or book the 
room. But all the change happens when we connect whole system with the blockchain and make it 
decentralized. 

In the whole process of development, we have no need to connect the database with website if we 
connect it anyway that will be the conflict of interest means system won’t be decentralized anymore 
hence there was no use of database related techniques/technologies in whole process because all 
processes are getting saved in blockchain automatically. 

Smart contract is most important component of whole process we have defined some rules in smart 
contract for booking and renting the apartment, booking apartment, review, refunding, deleting, 
updating and renaming apartment. Some rules are like price should be more than 0, refunding must 
be don’t within the given date i.e. if refunding is only applicable before 7 days of booking on the 8th day 
it is not possible to get your money back in the worst case you need to contact owner directly. Owners 
contact details will also be given on the page of booking. Our whole process is also connected with the 
real time which also helps in keeping the records. 
